# Waypoint App

#### **Team Members**:
##### Kayla Hamilton, Cate Yuk, Niles Bernabe, Laura Malis 

#### **Project Goals**:
##### For this project, we would like to make an AR app that allows a user to enter an area and use our application as a real time map. By creating location points for key rooms and areas on a the map that the user sees on their device, this application will hopefully be useful to new employees or students when using a building they are unfamiliar with. In order to ensure security, we will attempt to enable credentials for specific users to also allow for authorized administration access. We are also going to allow users to bookmark and save frequented places on the app to allow for easier accessibilty to commonly used areas. Ultimately, the main goal is accurate naviagation of the MBUSI plant using on screen directions given by the app, as well as the ability to generalize this app to any company or organization so they may institute it as well. 
### **Approach**
#### Tools /APIS / Frameworks
##### We will be utilzation AR Core, an AR SDK. We will create an IOS app created and backed by flutter. To achieve the type of granularity and location accuracy, we will implement SLAM technology to ensure accurate localization and mapping. 
#### Overall User Experience
##### A new visitor, Jamie, MBUSI begins work today at the plant. They recieve an email with their login credentials as an employee from an administrator. As they leave their car, they open the Waypoint app they downloaded the night before. Jamie logs into the app with their employee credentials once they enter the lobby of the plant. Their first meeting is in conference room 2321. Jamie opens the app and enters the location into the search bar of the application interface. The room appears in the query results and Jamie selects it. An AR map of the lobby appears before Jamie on their phone, and Jamie follows the directions that appear on the screen. Jamie turns left down on hallway. A sign for a bathroom appears on his application interface. Jamie notes that for after the meeting. Jamie turns right, as instructed. An administration tag comes up for a fire escape ahead. "Neat," Jamie thinks. Jamie reaches the conference room in time for the meeting. Jamie knows that each day will start here, so they bookmark the location in the app so that it can be found easily the next morning.  
